Under The Night
"If the Commonwealth High Guard had a weakness, it was this\: Its officers were too competent, too caring and too brave."
Yin Man-Wei - "The Rise and Fall of the Systems Commonwealth"
C.Y. 11942

An Affirming Flame
"Some say the commonwealth would have fallen even without the Nietzschean treachery. They underestimate both the commonwealth and the Nietzscheans."
Yin Man-Wei - "The Rise and Fall of the Commonwealth"
C.Y. 11942

To Loose The Fateful Lightning
"Those who fail to learn history are doomed to repeat it; Those who fail to learn history correctly -- why they are simply doomed."
Achem Dro'hm - "The Illusion of Historical Fact"
CY 4971

D Minus Zero
"Here's everything I know about war\: Somebody wins, somebody loses, and nothing is ever the same again."
Admiral Constanza Stark
CY 7984

Double Helix
"Machiavelli's ideas are basically sound ones for the Nietzschean people. Unfortunately, he was an optimist."
Cerebus Khmer - "Aphorisms"
C.Y. 8969

Angel Dark, Demon Bright
"The Heavens burned, The Stars cried out And under the ashes of infinity, Hope, scarred and bleeding, breathed its last."
Ulatempa Poetess - "Elegy for the Commonwealth"
CY 9823

The Ties That Bind
"Many say living in the Way is difficult. Is sleeping difficult? Is waking?"
Serenity Vikram Singh Khalsa - Collected Works
301 AFC

Banks of the Lethe
"We say atoms are bound by weak attractors. Why not admit the truth\: The universe is held together by love."
Michio von Kerr, Wayist Physicist
CY 9942

A Rose In The Ashes
"The truest measure of a society is how it treats its elderly, its pets, and its prisoners."
Keeper of the Way Vision of Faith VII
C.Y. 9891

All Great Neptune's Ocean
"Democracy may be only a few steps removed from Anarchy, but at least it's not as loud."
Crowned with Star - Than Hegemon
CY9843

The Pearls That Were His Eyes
"Wealth is too precious to be entrusted to the rich."
Anonymous Kalderan Proverb
CY 500

The Mathematics Of Tears
"If hope is the engine of the soul, then duty is the navigator… and love is the fuel."
High Guard Supreme Commander Sani Nax Rifati - "Persuasions and Exhortations"
C.Y. 4279

Music of a Distant Drum
"KLUDGE (Klooj) - N. Disparaging term for genetically unmodified human being see also "uber""
A Concise Dictionary of Slang and Euphemisms
C.Y. 9021

Harper 2.0
"One head cannot contain all wisdom."
The Olduvai Cycle - Systems University Archive
C.Y. 8550

Forced Perspective
"Humans say the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Why? Do they think there's a shortage of bad ones?"
Karm'Luk P'an Ku - "The Joy of Lucidity"
C.Y. 8633

The Sum Of Its Parts
"Between birth and death lies desire, Desire for life, for love, for everything good. And this is the source of all suffering."
Outcast Consensus 17
C.Y. 10942

Fear and Loathing In The Milky Way
"WARNING\: Do not operate heavy machinery or navigate the slipstream while under the influence of this beverage."
Sparky-Cola (label)
291 AFC

Devil Take The Hindmost
"Only those born guilty Recognize innocence for what it is\: The rarest thing in the Universe, And the most precious."
The Annointed, The Finder of the Way
C.Y. 9799

The Honey Offering
"The enemy of my enemy is still my enemy"
Drago Museveni
C.Y. 8427

Star-Crossed
"You ask why we give our Ships’ Computers normal Emotions? Do you really want a Warship Incapable of Loyalty? Or of Love?"
The Unshattered Allegiance, High Guard Frigate Artificial Intelligence Rights Activist
CY 7309

It Makes A Lovely Light
"Come Bitter Rain, And Wash from my Heart That Saddest of all Words\: Home"
Ulatempa Poetess - "Song of My Exile"
C.Y. 9825

...Its Hour Come Round At Last
"Screams of a Billion Murdered Stars Give Lie to the Night's Peace, While we Cling in Deperation to the Few Fragile spinning Stones we call Worlds"
Wayfinder First Order Hasturi AKA "The Mad Perseid"
217 AFC

The Widening Gyre
"If we do not live another day, say this over out pyre\: They died like High Guard Lancers with their faces to the fire."
Regimental Hymn of the 13th Imperial Lancers
CY4233

Exit Strategies
"The soul is larger than the sky Deeper than the ocean, Or the abysmal dark Of the unfathomed center."
Enoch Vere De Vere - "Lamentations Sous-Terre"
CY9734

A Heart For Falshood Framed
"Love? Truth? Beauty? I prefer negotiable securities."
Doge Miskich Var Miskich - "All About Me"
301 AFC

Pitiless As The Sun
"We are not the maks we wear. But if we don them, do we not become them?"
Keops Tsumai - "Fortunes"
CY9683

Last Call At The Broken Hammer
"Life? Life's pretty much a knife-fight in a dirt-floored bar\: And if they get you down you best get back up."
Gunnery Sergeant Hywell Cy'raera
CY4681

All Too Human
"Worlds governed by artifical intelligence often learned a hard leason\: Logic Doesn't Care."
Yin-Man Wei - "This Present Darkness\: A History Of The Interreguim"
CY11956

Una Salus Victus
"Requested\: One Mark V ECM unit, 1000 km of Fullerene Cable, One low-yeild Nuclear Warhead. Purpose\: Surprise party for foriegn dignitary."
Argosy Special Operations Requisition Form
CY9512 

Home Fires
"With their miniscule families, humans are often forced to rely on a "state" or a "nation" for support. Pity them."
Than-thre-kull anthropology text
CY 7956

Into the Labyrinth
"To a god, a wall is but a line on the page. We are all naked, seen beyond seeing."
WAYFINDER HASTURI a.k.a. "The Mad Perseid"
217 AFC

The Prince
"Absolute power corrupts absolutely. Which is a problem. If you are powerless."
Drago Museveni - "Manifesto"
CY 8433

Bunker Hill
"Here is the price of freedom\: Your every drop of courage, ounce of pain, pint of blood. Paid in advance."
Sebastian Lee - "The Rising Tide"
AFC 271

Ouroboros
"Spiral, spin, ride the whirlwind. Knowing when the drumming stops, There’ll be no second dance."
Ulatempa Poetess - "Rhythms"
CY 9825

Lava and Rockets
"You can’t outrun Death forever. But you can make the Bastard work for it."
MAJOR KORGO KORGAR - "Last of the Lancers"
AFC 32

Be All My Sins Remembered
"I trust fast poison The stars to wink out And you, my love - and you."
Lyric from "The Void", by Minstrel d’Becevex
CY 9905

Dance of the Mayflies
"Blink and it’s gone, A moment, a breath, A Dance of the Mayflies. Just enough… For a Lifetime."
ULATEMPA POETESS - "Rhythms"
CY 9825

In Heaven Now Are Three
"The true quarry of any great adventurer is the undiscovered territory of their own soul."
Lady Aenea Makros - "The Metaphysics Of Motion"
CY 6416

The Things We Cannot Change
"Home is the sailor, home from the sea And the hunter home from the hill "
Fragment of Ancient Earth Text
CY 6800

The Fair Unknown
"To venture in the Fair Unknown, I must enter as I leave\: A traveler, alone."
Anonymous
CY 1917

Belly of the Beast
"Beneath knowing, understanding; Beneath understanding, seeing; Beneath seeing, recognizing; Beneath recognizing, knowing"
Keeper of the Way, Vision of Faith
CY 10003

The Knight, Death and the Devil
"A soldier’s first battlefield is always his own mind"
Admiral Constanza Stark
CY 9762

Immaculate Perception
"The soul of the Nietzschean is this\: We are arrogant. We are vain. We are manipulative. We are selfish. And we love our children."
Drago Museveni - "Primary Reflection"
CY 8428

Tunnel at the End of the Light
"Welcome twilight. Welcome blackness. Welcome inky night. Only in darkness Can I see your soul."
"Lost Verses of Krrendar"
CY 9542

If the Wheel is Fixed
"The fearful sit in a clutch with their worries, whilst one man alone faces the furies."
Songs of Loren
CY 4557

The Shards of Rimini
"The loyal heart has hidden treasures. In secrets kept, in silence sealed."
Commander Zing Bex - "The Art of Secrets"
CY 2575

Mad to Be Saved
"The rabid dogs of Gallaphron can be trained to drool at the ring of a bell. Doesn’t stop them from biting."
Karlos El Greeta-Stirra - "Reflections of Rim-Salt"
CY 4389

Cui Bono
"You’re never more alive than the first time someone puts a gun to your favorite head and asks you to dance."
Major Korgo Korgar - "Last of the Lancers"
AFC 32

The Lone and Level Sands
"More than a mere ship of exploration, the Bellerophon embodied humanity’s last, great effort to tame the universe through our own will alone."
Dr. Paul Museveni, Father of Drago Museveni, A Farther Shore
CY 8401

Slipfighter the Dogs of War
"The moth wants a star The night wants tomorrow The King wants what’s far Outside his sphere of sorrow."
Tales of Queen Kysella
CY 5647

The Leper's Kiss
"Walk without footprints. Breathe without breath. Our lives leave no trace."
Motto Of The Assassins’ Guild
CY 3455

For Whom the Bell Tolls
"To the question of life after death\: Not whether such a thing exists, But… What manner of life?"
Reverend Bem - "A Wayist Practicum"
CY 10090

And Your Heart Will Fly Away
"She wounds you as a rose will wound you – not with her thorn. A rose will always wound you with her beauty."
Harry Martinson
CY 6862

The Unconquerable Man
"It matters little how we die, so long as we die better men than we imagined we could be – and no worse than we feared."
Drago Museveni
CY 8451

Delenda Est
"What clings to a wall, but travels all the world?"
Unsolvable Riddle of Ski, Patriarch of Jill
CY 1111

The Dark Backward
"You might say reality is the result of complex negotiations between the observer and the observed. But that is simply a point of view."
Michio Von Kerr - "The Apotheosis of Reason"
CY 11542

The Risk-all Point
"The universe is bound in equal parts by arrogance and altruism. Any attempt to alter this would be suicide."
Dr. Walter Giles - "The Value of Value"
CY 11543

The Right Horse
"Any fool can be honest, for it is only what he knows. A wise man is aware of when to share the truth."
Vedran Empress Yoweri XXIII
CY 2932

What Happens to a Rev Deferred?
"Are you a monster? Are you a freak? Will you be my friend! Or have you lost your way. With trouble to pay, when you come to your journey’s end?"
Empyrium Lullaby
CY 8745

Point of the Spear
"I’ve always found a fully deployed battle group to be the most effective negotiator."
Admiral Constanza Stark, High Guard Chief-of-Staff
CY 9758

Vault of the Heavens
"I can no more endure to view; Wondrous sight of so celestial hue."
Final diary entry of Capt. Oswald Pierce, regarding his only love.
CY 1116

Deep Midnight's Voice
"The universe is perfect. You cannot improve it. If you try to change it, you will ruin it. If you try to hold it, you will lose it."
Notes to Odo Chan
CY 9101

The Illusion of Majesty
"We all wear the twin masks of emotion, happy or sad, haunted or hunted, you choose the mask, you choose the risk. You choose your own poison."
Last words of Plethe the Pirate
CY 3902

Twilight of the Idols
"Gentlebeings, I bid you welcome. Welcome to the blood, to the sweat, to the tears. Welcome to your places on the wall."
Admiral Constanza Stark - "Address to War College Graduates"
CY 9764

Day of Judgement, Day of Wrath
"The great blessing of the AI is that we are gifted with the power to touch our Creator. This is also our Curse."
The Clarion’s Call - "Out of the Abyss"
CY 11745

Shadows Cast by a Final Salute
"The Kingdom was called Contrary. The Castle was called Doubt. The Twin Giants who lived there were named Deceit and Despair. Every change in the weather brought Rain and Hope."
The Cairn of Darkness and the Light
CY 1015

Answers Given to Questions Never Asked
"Down where it was tangled and dark, Down where the spirits feasted on carrion. Down. Down. Down. It was there, yes, the High Hatted ones forever screamed, ‘Eureka.’"
Yolin’s Narrows of Decline
CY 1015

Pieces of Eight
"The tyrant and the rebel hold the same creed\: To act is to live."
War Heretics of Auden
CY 9015

Waking the Tyrant's Device
"Fear drives the universe. You will find dread among the galaxies. You will find horror in the heart of a star. You will find your fate in a heap of dust."
The Diktat of Septa Parisis
CY 9015

Double or Nothingness
"When they are dying tell them a riddle. And when they laugh, let the Gods of Nature finish what we have started."
Segma Te\: Director, Cultural Archives; University Library
CY 760

Harper/Delete
"And the Prides shall stand as one, powerful in the light and supreme among beings."
Drago Museveni - The Nietzschean Prophecy
CY 8424

Soon the Nearing Vortex
"Once you give in to the void, space itself becomes time. Once you give in to the void, many are the mouths of reality."
New Century Manifesto
CY 4001

The World Turns All Around Her
"Beneath the web-thin simulacrum, inundating and fecund, live myth and manifold truths. Not one point of view can embrace them at a glance."
Council of One
CY 2333

Conduit to Destiny
"Destiny is the promise I give to you. Hope, the part you play, is trusting me to keep this promise."
The Prophetic Tetraglyphs
CY 9573

Machinery of the Mind
"Regarding the cerebellum, there is a culture and a presentation. Both hold power and sway."
Cuisine of the Lost Empire
CY 9905

Exalted Reason, Resplendent Daughter
"Around, around and underneath, the Trickster flies. Catch him, catch him -- If he doesn’t lose you, lose you when he flies!"
Perseid Child’s Game
CY 3040

The Torment, the Release
"All Military, rank and file, are subject to the word and intent of the Commonwealth Triumvirs. There is no exception. There is punishment accordingly."
Commonwealth Charter
CY 0957

The Spider's Stratagem
"Verify distant secrets Be Careful not to perish A question as your guide. What becomes the face of truth."
Enigma 03 of the Murti
CY 8567

The Warmth of an Invisible Light
"The brightest light is invisible. It shines through your deeds. And warms the universe."
Captain Dylan Hunt Ret. - "Chronicles of Courage and Conviction"
CY 9817

The Others
"Her beauty shimmers with the light of a new star. But she is the other. Touch her, and you will know death."
Poet Temlar
CY 2101

Fear Burns Down to Ashes
"Confine that which you fear to the mirror. Start with who is standing there. Then smile."
Bogdo Geghen Seer of Agharta
CY 1890

Lost in a Space That Isn't There
"Cast your Eye upon the Changeling, then look for the origin of change. Perhaps it is in the Eye."
Luna - "Catalog of Companions"
CY 302

Abridging the Devil's Divide
"…Knock, knock, knock on the devil’s door. Do not invite him to dinner; his beasts will come for more."
High Priestess Misabo Ahm in Triumvirate War Council
CY 10091

Trusting the Gordian Maze
"Our vanguard is the point of the lance. Then came design and crimson flame. There, they still wait somehow."
Disciples of Qhatch
CY 0417

A Symmetry of Imperfection
"Within the perfect architecture of thought, logic may often provide the structure – but from emotion come the inspiration."
Anans Milan - "Contemplations of Perception"
CY 8012

Time Out of Mind
"On the plains of Galiolith, Crystalline chimes herald a new beginning For all who wish to hear them."
Ghillie Clethrad - "Flumerian Hymns"
CY 6104

The Dissonant Interval\: Part 1
"What is fate? Why do you ask? The answer lies in the composing of Light and Influence. Nothing will fall to you early or late."
Rhyme of the Primeval Paradine
AFC 54

The Dissonant Interval\: Part 2
"Man is his own star. His acts are his angels, good or ill, While his fatal shadows walk silently beside him."
Rhyme of the Primeval Paradine
AFC 54

The Weight\: Part 1
"Life is a carnival, but the tents are folded before dawn"
Beano Tavalis - "The Armendago Caper"
CY 727

The Weight\: Part 2
"Inanimate objects and sentient beings obey the laws of nature. Without discrimination. Environment is their only conscience."
Vedran Inscription Departure Slates
005 AT9

Phear Phactor Phenom
"Throw them all away, but don’t predict where your foot will fall; the first and last steps are the same"
Seefra-6 Inscription
228-AT9

Decay of the Angel
"What is faith then but persistent hope in the face of relentless doubt."
Brother Carmen Jane - "A Case for Conciousness"
CY 10087

The Eschatology of Our Present
"Official secrets keep good lies turning in every mouth."
High Senator Bonn, Fifteenth Congress of Tal
CY 3343

When Goes Around...
"Contrast is the wellspring of desire. A double-loop matrix within the eternal continuum."
Metaphysical Conclusions of Jacob, All Systems University, Special Collections
CY 9030

Attempting Screed
"In the absence of doubt, there is no change."
The Memories
175-AT9

So Burn the Untamed Lands
"Marshall your forces, O great Generals. The cost of victory exceeds the cost of defeat."
Joheean Koll - "Wars of the Ramayin Frontier"
CY 459

What Will Be Was Not
"Hold. Herein a vast journey lies in the span of an instant."
Seefra-One Chamber Inscription Vedran
005-AT9

The Test
"If the race goes too swiftly, victory goes to those who are willing to fail."
Lambert Krill Executed
CY 689

Through a Glass, Darkly
"The mirror is a window through which we see ourselves – reversed and without form. Our deepest lies reborn, true."
Wayfinder Hasturi A.K.A. "The Mad Perseid"
AFC 21

Pride Before the Fall
"In the middle of the fight we knew\: They had come at us like legends. One hundred up and one hundred down."
Vedran Fable "Amidst the Tribune and the Fireworks"
CY 512

Moonlight Becomes You
"Celestial digressions make great first impressions. I drown in your halo. You orbit my soul."
Lyrics from "Solar Flares Through My Heart"
CY 2891

Past Is Prolix
"The following statement is false\: the previous statement is true. Welcome to our corner of the universe."
Anonymous Seefra Denizen
CY 10210

The Opposites of Attraction
"The hero may find an interval of rest on the island of the nymph, forgetting comrades and ship and home. Until, recalled to his great quest, he puts again to sea."
Aimelin Zol - "Tropes of the Ancients"
CY 9857

Saving Light from a Black Sun
"Conceal nothing. And watch the fools search forever."
Psalms of Koscs Vedran Archives Lot
0049

Totaled Recall
"The door opens. The edges meet. Step through and you find yourself lost. Stay where you are and you go nowhere."
Wayfinder Hasturi A.K.A. The Mad Perseid
AFC 217

Quantum Tractate Delirium
"Title is not who he is, the manifestor of what they cannot dream; he takes no name where none fits."
Original Progenitor Diatribes
CY 8434

One More Day's Light
"Hubris made the angels of heaven into devils… and their obstinacy keeps them in hell."
From the Kuruvian Texts
CY 319

Chaos and the Stillness of It
"When events test men, angels then appear."
Wayist Verse
CY 1015

The Heart of the Journey\: Part 1
"I see through you, now that the cycle of possibilities is inifinite, headed toward nothing."
Seefran Love Song
341-AT9

The Heart of the Journey\: Part 2
"The cycle of possibilities is fleeting. The lash of an eye in a hurricane."
Seefran Love Song
341-AT9

